README.md, before:

# Final Project: Ecommerce Website

## Overview
This project is a fully functional **Ecommerce Website** built using **HTML**, **CSS**, and **JavaScript**. It features a responsive design, interactive elements, and a dynamic shopping cart system. The project is deployed online for easy access.

## Features
- **Responsive Design**: The website is fully responsive and works seamlessly across devices (desktop, tablet, and mobile).
- **Interactive Carousel**: A hero carousel with navigation controls to showcase featured products.
- **Featured Products Section**: Displays top products with "Add to Cart" functionality.
- **Shopping Cart**: Dynamic cart system that updates the cart count and stores selected items.
- **Navigation Bar**: Includes links to different pages and a cart badge to display the number of items.
- **Forms**: Functional forms for user input with validation and submission handling.
- **Modals**: Dynamic modals for additional interactivity.
- **Deployment**: The project is deployed online for public access.

## Technologies Used
- **HTML5**: For structuring the content.
- **CSS3**: For styling and responsive design.
- **Bootstrap 5**: For layout and components like the carousel, modals, and buttons.
- **JavaScript**: For interactivity, including the shopping cart, carousel controls, and form handling.

## Pages
1. **Home Page**:
   - Hero carousel with featured products.
   - Featured products section with "Add to Cart" buttons.
2. **Shop Page**:
   - Displays all available products with filtering options.
3. **Cart Page**:
   - Lists all items added to the cart with the ability to remove items.
4. **Contact Page**:
   - Includes a contact form for user inquiries.

## How to Use
1. **Add to Cart**:
   - Click the "Add to Cart" button on any product to add it to your cart.
   - The cart count in the navigation bar updates dynamically.
2. **Navigate**:
   - Use the navigation bar to switch between pages.
3. **Submit Forms**:
   - Fill out forms (e.g., contact form) and submit them for validation and processing.

## Deployment
The project is deployed online and can be accessed at:
[Live Demo](#) *(Replace `#` with the actual deployment link)*

## Installation
To run the project locally:
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MykeShale/MyShop-Ecommerce-Site.git

## Future Enhancements
- Add user authentication for personalized shopping experiences.
- Implement a backend for storing cart data and processing orders.
- Add payment gateway integration for checkout.

## Credits
- **Unsplash:** For product and carousel images.
- **Bootstrap:** For responsive components and layout.
- **Icons:** From Font Awesome.

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance features section and provide live demo link

README.md, after:

# Final Project: Ecommerce Website

## Overview
This project is a fully functional **Ecommerce Website** built using **HTML**, **CSS**, and **JavaScript**. It features a responsive design, interactive elements, and a dynamic shopping cart system. The project is deployed online for easy access.

## Features
- **Responsive Design**: The website is fully responsive and works seamlessly across devices (desktop, tablet, and mobile).
- **Interactive Carousel**: A hero carousel with navigation controls to showcase featured products.
- **Featured Products Section**: Displays top products with "Add to Cart" functionality.
- **Shopping Cart**: Dynamic cart system that updates the cart count and stores selected items.
- **Navigation Bar**: Includes links to different pages and a cart badge to display the number of items.
- **Forms**: Functional forms for user input with validation and submission handling.
- **Modals**: Dynamic modals for additional interactivity.
- **Deployment**: The project is deployed online for public access.

## Technologies Used
- **HTML5**: For structuring the content.
- **CSS3**: For styling and responsive design.
- **Bootstrap 5**: For layout and components like the carousel, modals, and buttons.
- **JavaScript**: For interactivity, including the shopping cart, carousel controls, and form handling.

## Pages
1. **Home Page**:
   - Hero carousel with featured products.
   - Featured products section with "Add to Cart" buttons.
2. **Shop Page**:
   - Displays all available products with filtering options.
3. **Cart Page**:
   - Lists all items added to the cart with the ability to remove items.
4. **Contact Page**:
   - Includes a contact form for user inquiries.

## ✨ Features

- ✅ Responsive design (mobile, tablet, and desktop support)
- ✅ Multi-page layout: Home, Shop, About, Contact, Cart
- ✅ Dynamic product display using the [FakeStore API](https://fakestoreapi.com/)
- ✅ Sorting products by price (low to high, high to low)
- ✅ Pagination of products
- ✅ Basic Cart interface (with badge count)
- ✅ Contact form with validation
- ✅ Clean and modern UI using Bootstrap

## 📦 Setup Instructions
1. **Add to Cart**:
   - Click the "Add to Cart" button on any product to add it to your cart.
   - The cart count in the navigation bar updates dynamically.
2. **Navigate**:
   - Use the navigation bar to switch between pages.
3. **Submit Forms**:
   - Fill out forms (e.g., contact form) and submit them for validation and processing.

## Deployment
The project is deployed online and can be accessed at:
[MyShop Live Demo](https://my-shop-site.vercel.app/) 

## Installation
To run the project locally:
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/MykeShale/MyShop-Ecommerce-Site.git

## Future Enhancements
- Add user authentication for personalized shopping experiences.
- Implement a backend for storing cart data and processing orders.
- Add payment gateway integration for checkout.

## Credits
- **Unsplash:** For product and carousel images.
- **Bootstrap:** For responsive components and layout.
- **Icons:** From Font Awesome.
